LiVES is a Video Editing System. It is designed to be simple to use,
yet powerful. It is small in size, yet it has many advanced features.

LiVES mixes realtime video performance and non-linear editing in one
professional quality application. It will let you start editing and
making video right away, without having to worry about formats, frame
sizes, or framerates. It is a very flexible tool which is used by
both professional VJ's and video editors - mix and switch clips from
the keyboard, use dozens of realtime effects, trim and edit your
clips in the clip editor, and bring them together using the
multitrack timeline. You can even record your performance in real
time, and then edit it further or render it straight away.

For the more technically minded, the application is frame and sample
accurate, and it can be controlled remotely or scripted for use as a
video server. And it supports all of the latest free standards.

LiVES is good enough to be used as a VJ tool for professional
performances, and as a video editor is capable of creating dazzling
clips in a huge variety of formats.

Optional dependencies:
ffmpeg mjpegtools ladspa_sdk libunicap libdv schroedinger frei0r
  libavc1394 opencv (or opencv-legacy - If opencv-legacy is installed,
  the toonz plugin will not be built.)


If after initialization the program does not properly come up on the
screen, right-click on the entry in the taskbar, then go to
'More Actions -> Resize', then click anywhere on the screen and it
should lock in.

NOTE!  You must remove any previous installation of lives before
running this script or the build will fail.

This package uses POSIX filesystem capabilities to execute with
elevated privileges (required for realtime audio processing). This
may be considered a security/stability risk. Please read
http://www.slackbuilds.org/caps/ for more information. To disable
capabilities, pass SETCAP=no to the script.

Version 3.0.2 will be the last for Slackware 14.2.
